you are telling me there was not a single academy, yes Now I found the Peter the Great Academy in St. Petersburg in the 24th year it was formed In what year twenty-four 1724 is correct Well, I’m telling you what Posri Kyiv Mogila Academy was formed in which I am more it exists now yes exists when it was formed 1659 Oh imperial hello super Come on Ukrainian flag against the imperial flag I love meeting the imperials you  you probably support
a special operation you support yes yes Super And
tell me that’s why you
hung the imperial flag and not the
Russian one
but I don’t know I like the Imperial regime
monarchs Empire monarchy You like
Well, first of all, this is the time in
Russian history when the most powerful
country was Yeah yours  ancestors in the
monarchy who
were the merchants boyars boyars and what was
your boyar family
called I don’t want to give my last name
Boyarin no Okay believe it or not Well  as if
I
How was your boyar family
called Shmakova Shmakova exactly the
Boyar surname shma from the word shmak it was
something there connected with the merchants
oniya or merchants merchants were of different classes
I know
but I know that we would have had boyars And
most of the kuvs would you  I
couldn’t with
no class, such a status division,
class Well, okay, I’m from the family of Merchants,
that this will change Yes, it’s not just you from the
family, most likely like everyone else in the Russian
Empire  were slaves yes And you want to
return this Russian Empire I wonder
what belonged to you in the Russian
Empire it was the Empire of the
Tsar you What do you have to do with this
No nothing Well why did you
hang this flag I don’t like Well I
just like Uh-huh Well yes why super
yes Why else  I do
n’t want to be under the influence Well, you
support a special operation, you
support a war against a Foreign country,
but I haven’t served yet, I understand. It
doesn’t matter how old you are, okay. Why don’t you have a T-shirt?
imperial
German of another empire
And call me an imperial T-shirt, that’s
exactly why you don’t have your own
T-shirts in terms of yours Well, look at what
company you have, the capa capa T-shirt is
Russian Call me a Ukrainian T-shirt
But I’m not telling you Ukrainian
Russian like here you are Empire there Greatness
empire, what is the greatness of the empire? If you
can’t even make your own T-shirts
good, then he’s not now the Russian
Empire Russian Federation Russian
Empire just the same  I bought everything from Europe. I said that I like the Russian Empire because it is one of the greatest countries in the World Cup. What was its greatness? First of all, one of the largest territories, let’s take which year, which year we will talk about. Well, Peter’s time, probably 1 on the territory of modern Ukraine there were already universities in Kyiv, the Mohyla Academy, the Ostroh Academy, back in the 1st century, and you didn’t even have any universities until the 10th century.
there are universities on the territory of modern Ukraine that appeared 10,000 years ago before they appeared on the territory of modern Russia in the World Cup at the same time and in Europe they appeared even earlier, if only the state people lived poorly, in short, people lived like fish And you tell me not a single one not a single one there was no academy, yes Now I found the Peter the Great Academy in St. Petersburg in the twenty-fourth year it was formed In what year in the twenty-fourth 1724 correct Well, I’m talking about Kyiv After Kyiv  Mogila Academy in which it
was formed in the 10th century,
I mean, it exists now, but
it exists when it was
formed in 1659, you see, more
than half a century before that. And look
also when the Ostroh Academy in general,
look at what
year
the slaughter is now in the 576th campaign. Estimate that is
150 years before, the
academy appeared in the World Cup. The greatness of your country if
you were so behind the rest of the world,
our territory  Ukraine lagged behind
Europe Yes, in terms of the level of civilization,
because in Europe there was still a century there. Yes, there were
universities. And here you see the
sixteenth Senate. And you have already
got the eighteenth, what then
was the greatness of your country, why was it
dividing when the territory of Ukraine was included
by inserting e  Look, when these universities were created,
it was not part of the
Russian
Empire at all, not
at all, or some kind of Technology was in the
Russian Empire, look in England, the metro
at the end of the century is already in the middle of the metro
did you function from Moscow or from
St. Petersburg I am from Volgograd from Volgograd in
Volgograd there is a metro
but there is no But there is the only one in my opinion
Come on now, when is there a metro in Moscow
or in St. Petersburg Yes, there is an underground
tram there is a
metro Moscow metro
in 1935 already under Soviet rule  The
London Underground, if I'm not
mistaken, was in 1860, that is,
almost a century earlier
uh Russia, what is increasing you were
lagging behind uh technology all there steam locomotives the
railway everything came from the West yes
uh the steam engine came from there
electricity everything came from there Well
what was all the technology developed
there
in Russia only science Okay in science maybe
we stayed But in the military  in
which military case, the Crimean War How did you
lose the whole world, the whole world had
rifled rifled weapons, you
still don’t have smooth-bore ones, you’re
taking up weapons again, everything connected  you
said in military affairs already when you were
still on sailboats, you were still riding on
the sea, when everyone in short switched to
propulsion,
despite this, Russia won the war
as it won, well, the Crimean War, look
what happened to it. Well, look at the Crimean War,
Russia was alone  and against three
empires Well, in short, That’s because it
was backward Yes, and not because it
was alone, well, but the First World War,
that Russia collapsed also because it
was backward Because people lived when
look in Europe, technology allowed
people to live better and society as a whole to live
better, but in Russia what are
we talking about the Russian Empire now,
well, the Russian Empire Well, look
Then the Soviet Union, it all
continued, this is how people lived in the
Russian Empire,
poor And you lived in the Russian  empire And you
lived, I didn’t. Well, you see, we can. Well, I’m not
talking, but how they lived, let’s take Taras
Shevchenko, yes, he was in the Russian Empire. That’s how
richly he lived, that’s the house, that’s what you
looked at  people did
n’t live in houses, they didn’t look, how could they have
grown up, the Empire would have been a super
state, a myth, we just looked at it, it was
generally lagging behind Ukraine in terms of education. Yes, it’s
150 years behind Western Europe;
you know Maxim’s machine gun, Dana, why is it
called yo
Maxim, respect that it was created by Maxim Yes
Gunsmith He by the way was not from the Russian
Empire Yes it’s just the Russian Empire
I bought these
uh Well, the machine guns, the gunsmiths were Germans,
English And so on, uh, let's take all
the enterprises in the Russian Empire Who
founded the mining companies further on the
British Yeah Techno look Donetsk
was called Yuzovka, that's the village where Donetsk
was called Yuzovka Why Because John
Hughes was like that and who was
a metallurgist or something  Shat Well, what is he there
who he was Gornyakov like this, what
really can really if uh  The
Russian Empire was so
Great Maybe I would be interested,
but the same one would hang this flag, but
I can’t understand if I looked into it I
didn’t find In what way it was better than
other countries at least in one
thing Look, if you are listed  all
that the lag in education is yes Well,
okay, let’s say it will be like
this in the time of Peter. Maybe there were no
universities yet, but already under Catherine I
it began gradually, it
began like that Yes, but we look, let’s do it like this under
Catherine the Second  so let's take the
USA under Catherine, it gained independence at
the end of the 15th century Yes, half No why Well, yes
Dada That is, it turns out that how
Technology went there
Look, all the developments were there, people lived
freely, they had competition They
could engage in trade, they could
engage in science, patent their these
inventions will get money for it Yes, what
could people in Russia do, that’s why they lagged behind
because there was a free society,
it developed economically, politically
developed, the Russian
Empire, the Tsar lived
well, despite this,
no one was able to build the Russian Empire  break Well, how
could he not, it broke Well, it’s
her people themselves Well, it’s the people themselves because
She didn’t stand for the people because she was the government for
how long she lasted The Russian
Empire Well, I got
721 to 198 Less less than 300
years Well, that’s all You’re something  for
the state it’s nothing Why
was it so great then? Well, I don’t know. The
Soviet Union, for example, less, just
even less. Yes, because there was even more,
yes. And what ideal will it give for you? Well,
look  uh What is the Greatness of the State It
seems to me that it should be assessed by
how well people live in the NM People, that
is, not how much territory it
has captured, territories it has captured, but the
king lives for himself, he is luxurious at the expense of others,
and people that, for example, now
Russia has a huge territory  so, but Putin
and this company, this Taribo Yari, have
yachts there, everything. What do
you have, let’s take Ukraine? You
have it. Well, we have, look, Ukraine has no
gold, oil, diamonds, Gas.  Agree
that Russia produces a lot of oil, gold,
gas, diamonds and sells it all to different
countries, Europe pumped all the gas. So where did
all this money go?
Where does the money go from Gas? Now, if you
look at the small Czech Republic, which does not
produce gas, pays Russia there, paid
for gas, that is  Russia received
a huge amount of money like that, but life is better
than here you are in Volgograd. Why is this? Well, I do
n’t know. I wasn’t with a Czech, I didn’t ask.
Well, what did you think? Why are people in
Europe?  they live better than people in
Russia I live well with the euro I don’t
Well come on, look you have the Internet
So you’re a smart person you can compare
Yes, why do you see people
are pouring into Europe And from Europe here No, it’s true, it
means it’s
better there I don’t
know, let’s do it people  they go where it’s better
or where it’s
worse, probably where it’s better is better. Yes,
if people there from Ukraine from Russia from the
former Soviet countries go to Europe, but
on the contrary, they don’t go en masse, that
means it’s better in
Europe, then why, for example, look
you have  there is so much oil, gas, diamonds, but
you in Volgograd live worse than people
in Europe who have no
oil and gas. What does it mean?
Well, earnings or the
standard of living, purchasing power,
and so on. Well, look, I’m dressed, I have
good shoes, everyone’s dressed now, everyone’s dressed  you
know why you’re dressed? Why not
because Russia is rich there or something, but because
the technologies that have developed, they,
uh, make it possible to make cheap goods,
so mass production, like in the past I used to
sit by hand, it’s all necessary
it was possible to sew shoes there now it does
mass production but it’s cheap because of
this the cost is so high Therefore you
can wear shoes and they
wear them for your grandfather Yes Vo And for example
what kind of car do you drive
Vagen from what year the fourteenth of the
fourteenth is how old is he already
?  not Russian I bought the
car, it gave me the opportunity Why
not Why didn’t I give me
the opportunity to buy a Russian one
I didn’t want to have the right Why Yes why
if Russia why doesn’t it produce
some cars
there
are good in Russia you buy German
cars for example yes And in Germany they
don’t buy Russian cars
why
Well, well, I think there is an impact on
competent advertising in the first place, and that is, I
understand that it is because of the advertising that they
advertised to you  German cars no I
not only not
only Well, I agree that quality also
influences but look at the safety and the
same thing costs money but not everyone has a
money how to buy it there is the cheapest one
on the market but you see we have arrived That
is
if in America there or in Germany people
can buy this car for themselves But you can’t
really here But you can ask a question What kind of
Masha are you What kind of Masha are you
Mitsubish Why doesn’t Ukraine produce
its own cars We had the post-Soviet one,
that is, the entire Soviet auto industry - that
was because  what am I explaining to you, look,
because in a competitive way you can’t
just take it and make it in a year now,
normal automotive industry can’t
do that. That is, you can’t just take it. Let
me make it cool now, these are
technologies that
have been developing for decades  you see, you had and we had
everything Soviet, it was
sold only on the domestic market
due to shortages, and
yet I’m not shouting that we are super rich,
Great, the coolest country. No, we
understand that we lag behind the
civilizational West very much because
there was  in the Russian Empire We were in the
Soviet Union, yes, that's what the Soviet Union produced,
what the Soviet Union produced, that the
Americans ran and ran to buy, no
computers,
when
in America there were already IBM and Apple,
we had personal computers there
damn PC 01
Lvov all sorts of W Spectrum And it was
like British If I’m not
mistaken, that is, we live now and
you and we are worse than Europe because this is the
result of that Russian Empire whose
flag hangs behind you Because instead of
society developing Yes  the
tsar developed, it was the
tsar's property, in fact, everything then,
under communism, the
party elite developed there, now under the
Russian Federation, Putin and
his elite are developing and
everything We We are lagging behind and instead  so that we can
tell you to also go to the entire
civilized world and reach out. Yes, you also
want to drag us into yours, the boy couldn’t stand it.
Yes, it’s true that the imperial pepper
was good under the empire,
your grandfathers were slaves under the empire, your grandmother’s great-grandfathers were there.
Yes, they beat them with rods and the Master
could
lose at cards  that is, the problem is that
Ukraine produces there.
Soviet industry was that
only went to the domestic market
due to the fact that in our market there was
no shortage at all, and that’s why they sorted out
the sausage  It was Soviet, they bought
ice cream. Soviet,
they bought black and white TVs, these damn ones,
they bought a color TV, too, Rainbow,
and also the eye, you can look at these
cartoons and the eye flows straight out, and there
were also stripes like that on the TV, you had to
hit it from the side and the stripes disappeared. This is
Soviet technology  Yes, that's why,
but they don't understand, they don't understand that
we
uh lag
behind Europe and America very much
because I say when
uh in the same  Europe itself, yes, there were already
universities. We did not have a civilization
moving, we were reaching for civilization on
the territory of modern Ukraine, so the
Ostroh Academy in the 10th century
founded the Kiev Mogilyanka in the 10th century in
this territory of the Muscovite Yes, only under
Peter in 1724 it was the St. Petersburg Academy that
they fell even further behind  from the entire
civilized world in the same way, it’s just that
now they are even further behind, and that is,
technology is moving forward even faster Yes,
when we look at What’s there  Ilan Musk
is launching some kind of Internet from satellites,
that is, some kind of artificial
intelligence of some kind D there are Rob dogs
and they are sitting in their
short scoop and don’t want to get out of it
they we are great we are great it’s like this
you know, he’s sitting
at home In short, well, he’s Great Great,
in short, and everything around him is simple to them. In short,
they have connections that they got a job, and
this one, in short, he’s not involved in business, he
means he sells drugs, and Etoka because
he has a car, but everyone is
to blame except  himself Yes, that’s why And
why cars Yes, not here Because you
can’t, well, you can’t take and just
take
car designers out of the blue Yes, it’s a whole whole
technology, let’s say Yes, there’s
safety testing Well, I didn’t
come up with it right away. So let’s  they came up with a car,
these are these factories, these whole corporations, they
evolved like that and from those that
were, uh, even
these are so antediluvian Yes, they made machines Yes, they
evolved further just like
other corporations there, there is the same code Yes,
at first it was something like that
I made cameras Then I modified it,
so who says what, uh, let’s say But
here in Ukraine, in Ukraine, there,
yes, because we are here, we are a post scoop, you
are this Moscow. At first, this is how the
Russian Empire held all these
Republics, then Finland, Ukraine,
Poland jumped out  from this Yerma in the Senate
year, Finland and Poland remained
independent Yes, Ukraine was then conquered
by the Soviet Union Well, the Soviet Union Yes, definitely, they
returned us to this Orbit B  In the ninety-
first year, we finally broke out
completely from this empire with
other republics and went on to
develop Yes, at a rapid pace, but they don’t
want to because Russia Why is Putin afraid of
Ukraine joining the EU in NATO
because he can’t be shown that the
Republics that have seceded  from the Soviet
Union they are developing normally
Because people then in Volgograd there in
Tatarstan in Bashkortostan on Listen,
why is Ukraine developing yes And we here,
in short, are so rich in  We are sitting in Volgograd
and,
in short, we don’t have anything. Therefore, this is what the
Putin regime is afraid of because Ukraine is
an indicator
that a free country is developing and
achieving success, and it is very correct
that, let’s say, a cool country should be looked at
not the territory. What difference does it make that you have a
Great territory if, first of all, it is on it
it is impossible to live in most of this territory and there is permafrost there. And the
most important thing is that for the sake of whom the country
exists, not for the sake of fighting the territory,
the standing of
people is what you need. You need to measure
how much you can.
If you take a Ukrainian and a resident there  The
United States Well, it is obvious that a
resident of the United States has
better welfare, not a single Ukrainian will say that in the
States people live poorer Well, no one will
say Everyone says Yes, the standard of living there is
better. No Ukrainian will say that in
Germany the standard of living is worse than in
Ukraine, we don’t understand  the economy is stronger
T Everything But the Russians, they’re right here, you
know, they’re sitting there tentatively, no,
we’re better here, and which one is better, you
Take advantage of everything because it’s
cool there, they’re producing
them now Vist  civilization, and instead
of pulling everyone into yours, you need to move
there, you need to move to where technology is
there where there is where science education
enlightenment because this is a
change Yes, and not that they are sitting
in the same way VD lecture while Zanna is writing,
like it Slava Ukraine  on my
Telegram directly at once axis VN and
pok tse more and more respectfully YouTube keeping
us busy through Scar Georg your ban and even
more video  don’t show people constantly don’t
show information about the stream For this
purpose, we need to write a Mali operational link
right away and in the meantime, in telegra
okm video sche tezh tsikava and korisna
information and we are guilty of you trimati
postiyny operational link
independantly in that chi show you the process
YouTube  Glory to Ukraine letter